SENATE.
SENATOR GRAHAM.
>> ARE YOU AWARE THAT AT 9:23 ON
THE NIGHT OF JULY 9, THE DAY YOU
WERE NOMINATED TO THE SUPREME
COURT BY PRESIDENT TRUMP,
SENATOR SCHUMER SAID, 23 MINUTES
AFTER YOUR NOMINATION, I WILL
OPPOSE JUDGE KAVANAUGH'S
NOMINATION WITH EVERYTHING I
HAVE.
I HOPE I HAVE A BIPARTISAN
MAJORITY WILL DO THE SAME.
THE STAKES ARE SIMPLY TOO HIGH
FOR ANYTHING LESS.
IF YOU WEREN'T AWARE OF IT, YOU
ARE NOW.
DID YOU MEET WITH SENATOR DIANNE
FEINSTEIN ON AUGUST 20th?
>> I DID MEET WITH SENATOR
FEINSTEIN.
>> DID YOU KNOW THAT HER STAFF
ALREADY RECOMMENDED A LAWYER TO
DR. FORD?
>> I DID NOT KNOW THAT.
>> DID YOU KNOW THAT HER AND HER
STAFF HAD THIS ALLEGATIONS FOR
OVER 20 DAYS?
>> I DID NOT KNOW THAT AT THE
TIME.
>> IF YOU WANTED AN FBI
INVESTIGATION YOU COULD HAVE
COME TO US.
WHAT YOU WANT TO DO IS DESTROY
THIS GUY'S LIFE, HOLD THIS SEAT
HOPE AND HOPE YOU WIN IN 2020.
NOT ME.
YOU HAVE NOTHING TO APOLOGIZE
FOR.
WHEN YOU SEE SOTOMAYOR AND KAGAN
THAT LINDSEY SAID HELLO.
I VOTED FOR THEM.
I WOULD NEVER DO TO THIS WHAT
YOU HAVE DONE TO THIS GUY.
IN IS THE MOST UNETHICAL SCAM
SINCE I'VE BEEN IN POLITICS.
IF YOU REALLY WANTED TO KNOW THE
TRUTH, YOU SURE AS HELL WOULDN'T
HAVE DONE WHAT YOU DID TO THIS
GUY.
ARE YOU A GANG RAPIST?
>> NO.
>> I CANNOT IMAGINE WHAT YOU AND
YOUR FAMILY HAVE GONE THROUGH.
BOY, YA'LL WANT POWER.
GOD I HOPE YOU NEVER GOT IT.
I HOPE THE AMERICAN PEOPLE CAN
SEE THROUGH THIS SHAM.
THAT YOU KNEW ABOUT IT AND YOU
HELD IT.
YOU HAD NO INTENTION OF
PROTECTING DR. FORD.
NONE.
SHE'S AS MUCH OF A VICTIM AS YOU
ARE.
GOD I HATE TO SAY IT BECAUSE
THESE HAVE BEEN MY FRIENDS.
LET ME TELL YOU, WHEN IT COMES
TO THIS, YOU'RE LOOKING FOR A
FAIR PROCESS?
YOU CAME TO THE WRONG TOWN AT
THE WRONG TIME, MY FRIEND.
YOU CONSIDER THIS A JOB
INTERVIEW?
>> THE ADVICE AN CONSENT ROLE --
>> DO YOU CONSIDER THAT YOU'VE
BEEN THROUGH A JOB INTERVIEW?
>> I'VE BEEN THROUGH A PROCESS
OF ADVICE --
>> WOULD YOU SAY YOU'VE BEEN
THROUGH HELL?
>> I'VE BEEN THROUGH HELL AND
THEN SOME.
>> THIS IS NOT A JOB INTERVIEW.
>> YEAH.
>> THIS IS HELL.
THIS IS GOING TO DESTROY THE
ABILITY OF GOOD PEOPLE TO COME
FORWARD BECAUSE OF THIS CRAP.
YOUR HIGH SCHOOL YEAR BOOK.
YOU HAVE INTERACTED WITH
PROFESSIONAL WOMEN ALL YOUR
LIFE, NOT ONE ACCUSATION.
YOU'RE SUPPOSED TO BE BILL COSBY
WHEN YOU'RE A JUNIOR AND SENIOR
IN HIGH SCHOOL.
ALL OF A SUDDEN YOU GOT OVER IT.
IT'S BEEN MY UNDERSTANDING THAT
IF YOU DRUG WOMEN AND RAPE THEM
FOR TWO YEARS IN HIGH SCHOOL,
YOU PROBABLY DON'T STOP.
HERE'S MY UNDERSTANDING.
IF YOU LIVED A GOOD LIFE, PEOPLE
WILL RECOGNIZE IT LIKE THE
AMERICAN BAR ASSOCIATION HAS THE
GOAL STANDARD.
HIS INTEGRITY IS ABSOLUTELY
UNQUESTIONED, HE'S A VERY
CIRCUMSPECT IN HIS PERSONAL
CONDUCT, HARBORS NO BIASES OR
PREJUDICES, A DECENT PERSONAL,
WARM, FRIENDLY, THE NICEST
PERSON IN THE ABA.
ONE THING I CAN TELL YOU, YOU
SHOULD BE PROUD OF, ASHLEY, YOU
SHOULD BE PROUD OF THIS.
THAT YOU RAISED A DAUGHTER THAT
HAD THE GOOD CHARACTER TO PRAY
FOR DR. FORD.
TO MY REPUBLICAN COLLEAGUES, IF
YOU VOTE NO, YOU'RE LEGITIMIZING
THE MOST DESPICABLE THING I HAVE
SEEN IN MY TIME IN POLITICS.
YOU WANT THIS SEAT?
I HOPE YOU NEVER GET IT.
I HOPE YOU'RE ON THE SUPREME
COURT.
THAT'S EXACTLY WHERE YOU SHOULD
BE.
AND I HOPE THAT THE AMERICAN
PEOPLE WILL SEE THROUGH THIS
CHARADE.